that'll go to the kitchen now for more
food as medicine
Erica alright in today's edition of food
is medicine Krista are echoes here from
the whole journey this is part of a
three part series on fertility and what
we need to keep in mind if we're trying
to get pregnant especially in our 30s
and 40s right absolutely food wise so
there are some things that you've
brought here today foods that we want to
really eat more of and then ones we want
to avoid so let's start first with the
things that we really want to eat more
of especially if we're trying to
conceive
okay we're these are 10 foods to make a
super baby okay okay and anything you
actually consumed a lot of these foods
yeah pregnant and we talk about this all
the time at the first is getting in more
vegetables more organic leafy greens so
I brought your favorite green juice here
I like this to get in your greens
because they are alkalizing and we
talked last week about the importance of
pH okay to be able to get pregnant
creating a balanced environment gotcha
super super important and then I always
talk about raw milk in my upcoming book
it's very controversial most medical
doctors will tell you not to consume it
but it is the perfect blend of protein
carbs and fats for the thyroid which
controls ovulation so you just have to
make sure that you absolutely trust the
source if it's gonna be raw so what's
your source so my source is organic
pastures okay up in Northern California
they test the microbial count of their
twice a week only grass-fed start to
finish and they have never had any
issues with E coli or anything like that
gotcha so I totally trust that that is
an amazing food and we're gonna move
into B products okay so bee pollen is a
really helpful food for conception
alright and Erica
yes you found the ring okay and then
royal jelly have you ever heard of royal
jelly nope that's why I brought it today
to bring light to it so this is like a
superstar food you think about it's the
soul food of the queen bee who is
reproducing every single day and she
lives 50 times longer than the other
bees so I have both the male and the
female on if they're having trouble
conceiving on royal jelly super high
quality for
two months before they even want to
conceive interesting so it's got all the
amino acids it's got nucleic acids this
is truly a superstar food that's the
highest quality you can find it comes
from China what do you do spread this on
your toast I would just dump it in a
smoothie okay yeah that way you don't
have to taste it because it doesn't
taste fantastic gotcha in a smoothie or
juice you won't taste it okay and with
the bee pollen how do you incorporate
that into your food dump it in the
smoothie as well that's more of what you
can put on your yogurt okay you can put
like maybe some peanut butter on toast
and sprinkle b-pawn cuz it tastes sweet
okay and on top of a smoothie okay cool
always like that and then so when you're
actually pregnant and before folic acid
you always hear how important that is
right but I want to bring light to
folate which is the active form of this
vitamin and these are all foods super
high in folate including lentils and
avocados folic acid is processed it has
to be processed by the liver the liver
doesn't have enzymes to really use it
and so then a lot of women are deficient
in this which you know it forms the
baby's brain stem the neural tube so
folate is really what you want to look
for in your prenatal vitamin and in your
food because that's what will get
absorbed in the small intestine which
could actually use it and I didn't
realized I was pregnant that you're
supposed to be on the folate be taking
those pills
before you even get pregnant it needs to
be in your system a lot of women wait
till they get pregnant and then they get
on their prenatal vitamins yeah so you
need to go ahead and start I don't know
that they're three months before you get
pregnant are just as important to your
baby's health as when you're pregnant
and just oh I'm so glad that you brought
that up you want to build up your stores
that brain stem is forming sure so you
know then we get bone broth we've talked
about bone broth before and I have every
single prenatal mom on that and then
salt and water you're advised I'm sure
your advice to not have too much salt in
pregnancy bread that's sodium chloride
that's table salt that is not this
unprocessed highly mineralized salt so
basically salt and water is the amniotic
fluid so you're building the amniotic
fluid gotcha and now studies are saying
probiotics how important they are
that that's baby's first exposure to
good bacteria okay you're building the
immune system in the womb by having good
bacteria in the amniotic fluid it's a
key component to pregnancy and prenatal
health digestion is the foundation of
health and you can prevent your baby
from having colic by having enough
probiotics while you're pregnant now is
there a certain type of probiotics you
should have when you're pregnant or what
well I like to have a multi strain
probiotic a lot of times you'll see just
acidophilus or commercials right just
that one strain right but I like to see
at least three strains this one ortho
biotic is an eight strain okay probiotic
and it varies but these are some I
brought a prenatal okay okay so that is
a prenatal with folate and enough iron
really two things you need to look for
and it's food based so it's not
synthesized in a lab and then fish oil
is crucial I know you took that you're
her pregnancy you you need that for
baby's brain eh a crucial component the
greens that you have a greens powder are
different from these greens that you eat
because they have different greens in
them that will oxygenate the bud and
build cellular energy this is like
serious super baby stuff yeah no it's
great
and then I have to tell you about maca
okay have you ever heard of it yet from
you from well so maca is an adaptogen
that helps with stress hormones so this
is a great thing to use in preconception
I don't really have women who are
already pregnant on it but it's amazing
it'll adapt your stress hormones and
then help you build your sex hormones so
you can get pregnant but what most
people don't know is there's 13
different phenotypes or colors of this
root and the yellow one is the one that
helps female fertility okay there's a
black one that helps male fertility and
so both mom and dad can take it
beforehand to boost their fertility and
to sting so it's both partners getting
involved really good everyone remind me
what's in this um so there's Apple in
that for sweetness but then there's
dandelion greens kale collard greens
chia seeds for fiber which is super
important during pregnancy to keep
things going and all these things we
talked about here today you
and get them where Whole Foods or online
or you can get everything at Whole Foods
with the exception of the pink salt I
got online the royal jelly online and
this probiotic online course a really
good stuff here and next week we're
gonna be talking about once you've had
the baby yes nutrition that you need to
have yeah postpartum nutrition or good
awesome you can get more information
from Krista by going to our website Fox
5 San Diego com all right Paul back over
to you